docs/cli.md, before:

# Command Line Interface

## Usage

    Usage: duo [options] command|[file, ...] [out]

    Options:

      -h, --help                     output usage information
      -V, --version                  output the version number
      -c, --copy                     opt to copy files instead of symlink
      -C, --no-cache                 enable or disable the cache during build
      -d, --development              include development dependencies.
      -g, --global <name>            expose entry as a global <name>
      -o, --output <dir>             set the output directory, defaulted to build/
      -q, --quiet                    only print to stderr when there is an error
      -r, --root <dir>               root directory to build from.
      -t, --type <type>              set the entry type
      -u, --use <plugin>             use transform plugin
      -v, --verbose                  show as much logs as possible
      -w, --watch                    watch for changes and rebuild
      -s, --standalone <standalone>  outputs standalone javascript umd <standalone>
      -S, --stdout                   outputs build to stdout

## Examples

```bash
# build in.js to out.js
$ duo in.js > out.js

# build in.css to out.css
$ duo in.css > out.css

# build all files to duo.assets() (default: build/)
$ duo *.{js,css}

# build all files to the out/ folder
$ duo *.{js,css} out

# build from stdin and output out.css
$ duo < in.css > out.css

# build using a plugin
$ npm install duo-whitespace
$ duo --use duo-whitespace in.styl > out.css
```

## Commands

    ls           list all dependencies.
    duplicates   show all duplicates.

Commit message:

Adds --global-require (see docs/cli.md for usage)

docs/cli.md, after:

# Command Line Interface

## Usage

    Usage: duo [options] command|[file, ...] [out]

    Options:

      -h, --help                     output usage information
      -V, --version                  output the version number
      -c, --copy                     opt to copy files instead of symlink
      -C, --no-cache                 enable or disable the cache during build
      -d, --development              include development dependencies.
      -g, --global <name>            expose entry as a global <name>
      -o, --output <dir>             set the output directory, defaulted to build/
      -q, --quiet                    only print to stderr when there is an error
      -r, --root <dir>               root directory to build from.
      -t, --type <type>              set the entry type
      -u, --use <plugin>             use transform plugin
      -v, --verbose                  show as much logs as possible
      -w, --watch                    watch for changes and rebuild
      -R, --global-require           Define window.require()
      -s, --standalone <standalone>  outputs standalone javascript umd <standalone>
      -S, --stdout                   outputs build to stdout

## Examples

```bash
# build in.js to out.js
$ duo in.js > out.js

# build in.css to out.css
$ duo in.css > out.css

# build all files to duo.assets() (default: build/)
$ duo *.{js,css}

# build all files to the out/ folder
$ duo *.{js,css} out

# build from stdin and output out.css
$ duo < in.css > out.css

# build using a plugin
$ npm install duo-whitespace
$ duo --use duo-whitespace in.styl > out.css

# use require in a browser
$ duo --global-require in.js
# ... then open in browser and try running these in console:
#   require('in.js')
#   require.lookup (shows available require paths)
```

## Commands

    ls           list all dependencies.
    duplicates   show all duplicates.
